README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

update readme, license & about page
- remove mention of Dr. G to honor copyright guidelines
- improve attribution of nutritionfacts.org information

README.md, after:

# A daily dozen food planner

Herbivorous is a daily food journal based on the [Daily Dozen](https://nutritionfacts.org/daily-dozen/), a science-based set of nutritious food recommendations for a plant-based diet. We aim to make planning a healthy vegan diet a little easier and give you the tools you need to treat yourself and other beings on this planet with the utmost love and care. ♥

Please consult a medical professional about the right diet for you. You can browse more information on plant-based nutrition at [nutritionfacts.org](https://nutritionfacts.org), or check out [How Not to Die](https://literal.club/book/how-not-to-die-60zr1) for further reading on the benefits of whole plant foods and the scientific body of research supporting these guidelines.

## Contributing

To run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Written with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs) & [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com).

## License & Credit

The daily dozen guidelines were inspired by [Nutritionfacts.org](https://nutritionfacts.org), which is licensed under [CC BY-NC 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/). Site UI, images and all other original content licensed as [MIT](https://opensource.org/license/mit/).
